Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
Just like I announced in Comptiq and Twitter previously...
...I was looking for a name to call all the fans that support Kizuna AI
I received a lot of suggestions!!
Really... really...!
Thank you so much!!
There's a lot of different kinds of names...
...And I was doubting a lot on which one to keep, but...
… I just decided which one is my favorite, so then...
I’ll be doing by big, big, big announcement!
In this case, let's go at once!
Candidate number 1
A.I.Channeler!
It's like "Channeler", right?
Even though I like how it sounds "A.I.Channeler", don’t you think?
Nevertheless...
...I...
...Also have a channel called A.I.Games...
And well, I’d like if you usually watch both channels... or something like that...
Having said that, next up!
Candidate number 2
Kizunacchi!
Don’t you think it sounds adorable?
It sounds like...
"Tamagotchi", right?
Was I also born from an egg, breaking the shell?
YouTube’s discovery, Kizunacchi!
Yes!
It sounds perfect! Right?
Candidate number 3
Airis!
It's formed by the Ai of "Kizuna AI"
And the "Ris" of "Risunaa"
(Risunaa = Listener)
Also, it seems like "Iris" in the language of flowers, means rainbow
It's rather great, right?
Also...
...Airis has the same meaning as Alice
Thank you so much to all of you, Airisu, for watching my video today too!!
Let's also get excited together today!! Yes?
It could be something like that, right?
Do I seem like an idol?
Candidate number 4
Kizuner
This is also simple and pleasant, right?
It's easy to say...
...And to remember!
"Are you a Kizuner??"
"Me too!! Let's get along well!!"
"Let’s watch A.I.Channel together!!"
It could be something like that
It’s even a name that could easily appear in an informal daily chat, right?
Candidate number 5
Kizunaiver
Mmm... this is...
Was this name suggested because I like Nico-chan?
No, it's true, I definitely like her
But... nevertheless...
...Taking into account that the fanatics of Love Live are called Love Liver...
...I think that Kizunaiver is adequate, but...
...On The contrary...
...Just because I like it...!!
...I keep having feelings of not wanting to use it...
...And well, I’m having mixed feelings
Nevertheless...
...You guys think I’m the first Love Liver of the virtual world, right?
In that case, you’re not mistaken!!
Candidate number 6
Pyokotomin
(Pyoko = Name of AI’s headband
Tomin = citizens/population)
It’s a name that combines the name of my headband, right?
(Pyokopyoko)
It's adorable!
Nevertheless...
...Since it's not regarding me...
Wouldn’t it sound like as if it was a fanclub for the Pyokopyoko?
No, I understand
It's just that you guys love my headband, I love it too
And if I didn't have it... well... it’d feel like it wouldn’t be the same, right?
It's kind of like a registered trademark?
Mmm... I think it's adorable, but...
...I’d like to express something of my own
"The Pyoko nation"?
"The Pyoko race"
"The Pyoko kingdom"
Pyoko... pyoko?
Pyokopyoko?
Pyoko...
Pyoko!
Pyoko... "The Pyoko town"?
Pyoko... pyoko... pyoko...
Pyoko...
"The Pyokopyoko kingdom"
"Pyoko townspeople"
"Pyoko citizens"
Pyoko...
"Those dominated by Pyokopyoko"!
Good!
Candidate number 7
AKB!
It seems that this is the acronym for "Ai Kizuna's Battalion”
It's the exact...
... Same as a certain idol group, right?
(AKB48)
No, in fact, to be able to get here... it's refreshing
You even took the time to think on the meaning, right?
But, the meaning in English, "Ai Kizuna’s battalion" is very pleasant, right?
It's like a battalion that protects me, right?
Don’t worry!
Candidate number 8
Kizuna Friends
“There are animals but there are no pariahs“, something like that?
(Lyric of Kemono Friends opening)
Let's all get along together!!
Ready, get set, and...
Incredible!
(Imitating Serval, character from Kemono Friends)
How fun!
Really, thank you so much for sending me so many suggestions!
I’m very sorry for not showing all of them due to lack of time!
I was doubting a lot on which to choose...
...And to tell you the truth, I wasn’t able to decide
It's because of that...!
...That in this occasion...!
...I plan to let this little one to decide!!
Random Word Generator, come on!
Good!
I plan to stay with what comes out of this little one!
Luck is also important!!
In this case...!
Jaka, jaka, jaka, jaka, jaka, jakaaaaaa...!
JAJAJAJAJAJAAAAANN!
I’ll read it!
Kizuner!
Good!
Having said that...
It's decided, I’ll call you Kizuner!!
It's easy to remember, don’t you think that's good?
If I continue with this impetus...
...I may be able to have my own group of bodyguards!
I’m very anxious to having it! ♪
Having said that...!
To all you, Kizuner...!
...I hope you keep supporting me in the future just as you have been until now!!
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
Translated by Vortex